# encrypy_decrypt
c plus plus program to encrypt a txt file, decrypt a txt file, encrypt by user defined keys, decrypt a file using the same key used to encrypt, generate keys.
The program starts with a 9 different kinds of choice, It includes:
1. write[encrypt]: which is used to write by encrypting each character. The encryption is done by the default key which is defined in the program.
2. read [decrypt]: which is used to read by decrypting each character. The decryption is done by the default key which is defined in the program.
3. encrypt a txt file: which is used to encrypt a txt file that exist already in the current directory. encryption is done by the defalut key.
4. decrypt a txt file: which is used to decrypt a txt file that exist already in the current directory. decryption is done by the default key.
5. encrypt by external key: which is used to encrypt a txt file using a user defined key.characters are inputed through the console and not from a txt file.
6. decrypt by external key: which is used to decrypt a txt file using the same key that is used for encryption.
7. encrypt by external key, read from file:  which is used to encrypt a txt file using a user defined key.characters are read from a txt file and save the encrypted
   file with a file name "inputed filename"+"encrypted.txt".
8. Decrypt by external key,Save to txt file: which is used to decrypt a txt file using the same key used to ecncrypt the file. decrypted file is saved by the name      inputed by the user.
9. Key generator: a new key is generated by the program which can be used to encrypt and decrypt the files.



                               **********points to note**************
User need not want to input the file extension for ex, srithin.txt can be simply inputed as srithin
Always make sure that the key name is not already existed in the directory while generating a key.
If you are creating your own key without a key generator, always make sure that all characters are included and characters are writtern in a single line.
The key txt file should contain only one single line which should be at the top or at the beginnig of the txt file.
